So we're able to do and delete recipes.
Let's not make sure we can edit and update them so any recipe adds component get a couple of interesting
things going on.
We're initialising our react to foreign and there's a lot of local You ice state going on here which
I don't want to change.
So I don't want to manage all the forum for energy or x.
Only one managed the creation updating for NCR X therefore it really shouldn't be too hard.
We're retrieving the relevant information about whether we're editing this or not at a point of time
we're navigating to this page or wants deeper apparence change.
And I don't see any need to manage this Frue NTR X here.
Instead it's here and ends up mate which is interesting to us where we update or added a recipe.
Let's start with updating.
And for this first of all need to add the import I need to import everything as from recipe from the
recipe store from the recipe actions here because I want to dispatch an action therefore the name of
course should be a recipe actions to stay in line with yabber components and changes we made.
So importing all the actions here.
I will also need to import the state though as from recipe from the same folder but there from the recipe
reduce or fall and I now want to inject the story so we'll inject store of type storm.
And you know where to import this from from ngi our XT or of course.
And with that in order let's set type of state we get back here it's from recipe feature state which
again just remind you extends our application states that has access to all the properties of our state.
And now we want to dispatch a new action here.
We want to leave the old one here for reference for now we want to dispatch an action using to store
the new recipe actions update recipe action where I need to pass a javascript object with an index and
the updated recipe.
Well the index is this ID so a property of this component which stores the ID loaded which is encoded
in the U R L and then we have the updated recipe which is just this recipe for him value just like before
when we used to service.
And with that we can get rid of that service method.
I'm now simply passing this javascript object and that actually already is all.
Now let me also dispatch Avello here.
This store dispatch new recipe actions and recipe.
And here we simply need to pass the recipe we want to create.
This is just a recipe for in value again.
So that should be all.
All the other parts here are form related and shouldn't be relevant to us here.
Well maybe except for one thing here.
When we initialize the form and fetched the recipe for which you want to do that.
Well here we can of course again select the slice so we can reach out to our store.
Select the recipes feature.
Take one and then subscribe so that we now get the recipe state in the end which is of type from recipe
state which you can now use to extract the recipe we're working on.
So a recipe we're working on can be the recipes state there all the recipes and no access to what we
stored in this ID.
So the recipe at this index and again this idea is a property of this component which we set at the
point of time we're loading this component or to be precise.
When average years our parents change so now we're loading this down here.
And set a constant equal to this.
I can't get rid of this row now or if this line does however would not work like this because that's
asynchronous code.
So we have to move all that code here in two days.
Subscribe method so that it runs after we fetched a recipe.
And with that let's see if that works.
So go back to your quick new recipe.
Well first I need to log in though.
So go back there new recipe that works let's edit the recipe by clicking on it and call it clicking
edit recipe.
Now this seems to work too.
Let's add a couple of exclamation marks here and maybe add a new ingredient like salad.
One let's click save.
This works.
The ingredients work if we add them to the shopping list.
Does all that work.
That's great.
Let's add a new recipe to see if that all works.
I'll just add a tested recipe add no image you're just some dummy text and sometimes the dummy description
and click save and does all the work.
Of course it's a bit broken because it has a lot of invalid inputs here or no valid image and so on.
But overall it works.
So that's super useful editing or creating recipes works as intended.
Now let's move on and see what else we can do related to recipes.